## **Platform level:**

* **Any editing and update function?**
    * Copy update **Yes**
    * Field input / selection format update **Yes**
    * Order update **Yes**
    * Add and remove field **Yes**
* **how to define the field details, e.g field name, validation, etc. << this might be important as in the future it impacts the field needed for STP.** Each components will come with a set of predefined features to define its runtime behaviour, including but not limited the displayed text, validation to apply, etc. Very similar to standard html form components.
* **How can the forms be tested? In testing environment and pre-prod?**
    1. Unit testing as in each components alongside its validation logics, text and UI display.
    2. Integration testing as mocking an end to end form input and from mobile and collection in JOC.

## **Journey level:**

* **UX/UI - can the UX/UI be configured to HSBC style?** Yes
* **If there is any error within the form filling - will there be error pages? e.g. API error, connection error, etc. Does it require the account journey to handle?** The form is positioned to be a direct replacement of paper form. Errors will be handled as such instead of a native digital journey.
* **EN, TC and SC handling** Yes
* **Tealium tagging** Yes
* **Accessibility** Yes
* **Fraud feed** No
* **Performance of the journey** Yes

## **Future:**

* **Is validation with B/E possible inside the form filling?** Possible if not exceeding the scope of pre logon and does not involve global state management. Global state management refers to any logic that applies to more than one form components.
* **Does the form involves eligibility check of what are applicable? Anything / field needed on the form platform side?** No. Global state management is required for eligibility check.
